ancestor
Welcome the ancestor Welcome Tianyuan The ancestor Welcome Tianyuan
Old Ancestor has broken the cover of the virtual illusion
I have no choice but to be a disciple
The people think you are often embarrassed
What crime
Old Ancestor, this son is a demon and not human, don't listen
They're just afraid of the absurd.
There is no evil blood in this child
In vain of your position as an elder
No eyesight
Hurry up and open your mouth
Bring this child into the inner temple to worship
It's you.
This child passed the entrance to lovelorn today
The head asked me to ask the elders if they like it
Xiao Yin Feng's sect has a total of three elders
You can worship whichever you like
The premise is that the elders must accept you
I don't know why there are only two elders
The position on the right is empty.
Hey, people will be here in a while
Hey, Junior Sister, hurry up, stop the ink, hurry up
Am I almost there?